Unity three d Physics components.
In this section, we'll review the core principles of three D physics.
Then we'll dive into physics, Material Asset Ragdoll and train a recap of Rigid Body and Collider for
three D.
In this video, we'll cover Rigid Body and Collider specifically for three D.
And then we'll take a look at these inside the Unity Editor.
A note about two D verses three D Unity has two separate physics systems to RD and three D The principles
components naming and C-sharp code for each is similar, but not identical.
For example, in two D, a game object uses a rigid body two d component, yet in 3da game object uses
a rigid body component without the three d in its name for consistency.
In this course we refer to rigid body as it relates to both 2D and 3D.
Recommended viewing Section two Unity two D Physics components introduces core fundamentals of physics,
which also applies to three D.
It is suggested that you watch Section two before a Section three.
Let's look at rigid body.
Starting with the transform component, the most basic component in unity.
This component is what enables position, rotation and scale for a game object.
This is the only component which is automatically added to every game object.
Rigid body.
This is the component that enables physical behavior for a game object with a rigid body attached.
The object will immediately respond to gravity.
Let's look at the collider.
The collider is the component that defines the shape of an object for the purposes of physical collisions.
Types of colliders in 3D.
The Sphere Collider for Spherical Areas.
The box Collider for box shaped areas.
These two are very common, as you can see in the illustrations.
That's their shape.
The Capsule Collider and the Mesh Collider are also available.
Select a game object with rigid body.
Open the inspector window to see all of its components.
Browse the properties.
There's a lot of properties.
Our focus will be is trigger material mass drag use gravity and is kinematic.
See section two For more info on these properties, let's take a look at a demo.
We'll open up three D Pyramid.
We'll play the scene.
Select one of the cubes in the scene to see its rigid body and its collider in the inspector.
Let's open up our scene here.
We're going to look at the three D pyramid.
If we explore this scene, we've got a series of cubes.
And the part that is important to see here is the components on each cube.
In order to have full physics, we have a collider and then also a rigid body.
And the rigid body we have used gravity set and we have is kinematic not set.
So when we run the scene, we'll have a realistic physics interaction.
The objects fall quite subtly.
But if I go ahead and manipulate a few of the objects, we'll see a realistic physics interaction.
In the next video, the physical material asset will take a look at what is physic material, what are
the most important properties, and then we'll take a look at it inside the unity ed.